Below are the questions about Kadir Has University and asked by student to the Buddy. Below, questions include questions and their answers about the preperation in Kadir Has University. 

Student: Everyone says it's hard. Is the preparation difficult?
Buddy: If you work regularly, not it is not hard.

Student: How many levels in preparation?
Buddy: There are TRACK 1, TRACK 2, TRACK 3 and TRACK 4.

Student: What happens if I fail the prep school?
Buddy: You will have to take summer school to pass prep exam.

Student: I studied preparatory school for one year in another school. Do I have to study at Kadir Has University as well?
Buddy: No.

Student: Are there classes on weekends, how many hours per week?
Buddy: No, 20 hours in a week.

Student: How many days per week of preparatory education?
Buddy: 5 days per week.

Student: If I fail the exam and do not skip the exam, will my English improve?
Buddy: Yes definitely, but it is depending on your language knowledge.

Student: How long does the preparation take, will the lessons be face-to-face?
Buddy: Yes, classes are face to face.

Student: Can a student with a Pearson certificate pass the preparation with this document?
Buddy: Yes.

Student: Is my level determined even if I do not take the exam?
Buddy: If you do not take the exam, your level cannot determined. Then you will start from the beginning.

Student: When does the preparation begin?
Buddy: You can check out this website: https://akademiktakvim.khas.edu.tr/lisans

Student: Do I have a chance to start at the lowest rate without taking the exam directly?
Buddy: Yes.

Student: How is the preparation process, are you satisfied with the teachers?
Buddy: Yes, I really loved the teachers because they always speaks English.

Student: What happens when I don't take the preparatory exam?
Buddy: You begin from the lowest degree.

Student: Is the preparation difficult?
Buddy: If you study regularly, no it is not.

Student: How many people are in the classes on average?
Buddy: Maximum 15-20 people at most.


